[Music]
[Applause]
everydays welcome to google shooting
let's make some dal makhani dal makhni
can be called as a king of lentils in
India it is usually had with Indian
flatbread or also known as none so let
us have a quick look at the recipe we
have 1 cup of tomato paste 1/2 a cup of
Ora dal or black gram butter as required
cream as required
we have about 2 teaspoons of kidney
beans or rajma about 1 TSP of chana dal
or bengal gram oil 1 TSP ginger garlic
paste 1 and 1/2 TSP black cumin or
shahira half a teaspoon salt according
to taste garam masala 1/2 a TSP red
chilli powder 1tsp 1 and 1/2 tsp of
coriander powder and 1/2 a tsp of cumin
powder so let us start so the aura dal &
rajma for about six to seven hours and
chana dal for about two hours and then
pressure cook it in a kadai add in the
butter and oil I'm going to add in the
savvy zero or black cumin and the
ginger-garlic paste cook in medium flame
until raw smell goes I am going to add
in the tomato paste salt
hope this until it starts leaving the
site this has started leaving the sides
now I'm going to add in the cumin and
coriander powder and red chilli powder
mix it well and cook until it leaves the
pattern now the fat has started
separating am going to add the Bengals
the water in which I boiled the lentil
and some fresh water we are going to mix
this well I have added more water to
this and you can see this is kind of
runny right now we are going to slow
cook this in medium flame for about
thirty minutes so it has been about
fifteen minutes since this is
continuously simmering I am going to add
in about three tablespoons of cream to
this at this stage mix it well now I
want to cook this for another 15 minutes
so our dal makhni ready we are going to
finish it off with some garam masala mix
well and serve hot our dal makhni is
ready to prepare and let me know how it
turned out for you also if you liked the
video please share it with your friends
thanks for watching you can check out my
website cooking shipping loading for all
the extra space with print option do
subscribe it's free thank you
[Music]